RHDHBUGS-3366: Add a note on flavours usage in RHDH 1.10 documentation (#2416)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/configure_configuring-rhdh/proc-deploy-rhdh-for-workflow-automation.adoc

For production deployments, Red Hat recommends using an external PostgreSQL database.
If you configured an external database in the prerequisites, add the database configuration to the CR as shown in {configuring-book-link}#configure-external-postgresql-databases_configuring-rhdh[Configure external PostgreSQL databases].
====
+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> If you reference a custom `dynamic-plugins` config map using `spec.application.dynamicPluginsconfig mapName`, custom plugin declarations override matching plugin declarations from `spec.flavours` based on package name. To enable Orchestrator, you must set `spec.flavours: [{name: orchestrator, enabled: true}]`. You can use custom config map entries to customize the Orchestrator plugin settings. To disable Orchestrator, set `spec.flavours: [{name: orchestrator, enabled: false}]`. When you disable Orchestrator, the Operator excludes its plugins from the default configuration. Therefore, you must remove or disable those plugins in your custom `dynamic-plugins` config map, otherwise {product-very-short} still loads them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you reference a custom `dynamic-plugins` config map using `spec.application.dynamicPluginsConfigMapName`, custom plugin declarations override matching plugin declarations from `spec.flavours` based on package name. To enable Orchestrator, you must set `spec.flavours: [{name: orchestrator, enabled: true}]`. You can use custom config map entries to customize the Orchestrator plugin settings. To disable Orchestrator, set `spec.flavours: [{name: orchestrator, enabled: false}]`. When you disable Orchestrator, the Operator excludes its plugins from the default configuration. Therefore, you must remove or disable those plugins in your custom `dynamic-plugins` config map, otherwise {product-very-short} still loads them.
```

For production deployments, Red Hat recommends using an external PostgreSQL database.
If you configured an external database in the prerequisites, add the database configuration to the CR as shown in {configuring-book-link}#configure-external-postgresql-databases_configuring-rhdh[Configure external PostgreSQL databases].
====
+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> If you define a custom `dynamic-plugins` ConfigMap using `spec.application.dynamicPluginsConfigMapName`, the custom configuration takes precedence over the `spec.flavours` configuration.

Reviewer: > the custom configuration takes precedence over the `spec.flavours` configuration

I feel like this statement might be confusing.. What actually takes precedence is the custom plugins matching the flavour's ones (based on the package name). So if I enable a flavour and I have the same plugins referenced in my custom ConfigMap, only the declarations from the custom ConfigMap will override the ones coming from the flavour.
So users can use this mechanism to customize flavour-provided plugin settings when enabling a flavour.
On the other hand, disabling a flavour excludes its plugins from the Operator's default config. In that case, yes, they need to make sure those plugins are either removed or disabled in their custom config.

> To enable the Orchestrator flavour, remove Orchestrator plugins from your custom `dynamic-plugins` ConfigMap.

Reviewer 2: Orchestrator is disabled by default, so it is good to call out explicitly that they need to set this `spec.flavours: [{name: orchestrator, enabled: true}]` to enable and then remove any custom configmap.

For production deployments, Red Hat recommends using an external PostgreSQL database.
If you configured an external database in the prerequisites, add the database configuration to the CR as shown in {configuring-book-link}#configure-external-postgresql-databases_configuring-rhdh[Configure external PostgreSQL databases].
====
+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> If you define a custom `dynamic-plugins` ConfigMap using `spec.application.dynamicPluginsConfigMapName`, custom plugin declarations override matching flavour plugin declarations based on package name.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you define a custom `dynamic-plugins` config map using `spec.application.dynamicPluginsConfigMapName`, custom plugin declarations override matching flavour plugin declarations based on package name.
```

> If you define a custom `dynamic-plugins` config map using `spec.application.dynamicPluginsConfigMapName`, custom plugin declarations override matching plugin declarations from `spec.flavours` based on package name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you reference a custom `dynamic-plugins` ConfigMap using `spec.application.dynamicPluginsConfigMapName`, custom plugin declarations override matching plugin declarations from `spec.flavours` based on package name.
```

I'd suggest using the Kubernetes resource type consistently throughout this PR.

Author: > Let's use the Kubernetes resource type consistently throughout this PR.

Thanks @rm3l. Regarding the "config map" vs "ConfigMap" capitalization, I appreciate your suggestion to use the Kubernetes resource type consistently. However, the [Red Hat Supplementary Style Guide](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#config-map) requires us to use use "config map" (lowercase, two words) in prose, and reserve `ConfigMap` (capitalized, in backticks) for code/API contexts like YAML manifests. WDYT, @themr0c?

To enable Orchestrator, you must set `spec.flavours: [{name: orchestrator, enabled: true}]`.

> You can use custom ConfigMap entries to customize the Orchestrator plugin settings provided by the flavour.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can use custom config map entries to customize the Orchestrator plugin settings provided by the flavour.
```

To disable Orchestrator, set `spec.flavours: [{name: orchestrator, enabled: false}]`.
When you disable Orchestrator, the Operator excludes its plugins from the default configuration.

> Therefore, you must remove or disable those plugins in your custom `dynamic-plugins` config map, otherwise the Operator still loads them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, you must remove or disable those plugins in your custom `dynamic-plugins` config map, otherwise RHDH still loads them.
```

Just to clarify: it's RHDH, not the Operator.

> Therefore, you must remove or disable those plugins in your custom `dynamic-plugins` ConfigMap, otherwise the Operator still loads them.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Therefore, you must remove or disable those plugins in your custom `dynamic-plugins` config map, otherwise the Operator still loads them.
```
